Generic test in ci cd (#309)
FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools: pynxtools/testing/README.md

# Generalized Test Functionality for `pynxtools` plugin

> Please follow the documentation for the `Using Pynxtools Test Framework` in `How-Tos` section.

Reviewer: You can make this a direct link to the docs:
```suggestion
The sub-package `testing` is to be utilized to write automated test for `pynxtools` reader plugins without having any deeper knowledge of the `pynxtools` internal architecture.
Please follow the documentation on [using the pynxtools test framework](https://fairmat-nfdi.github.io/pynxtools/how-tos/using-pynxtools-test-framework.html).
```
